General disclosure:
Claude Opus 5.5 (Medium)
Used on 27 Sep 2026

Code Attribution:
Prompt 1:
Problem description
Write a C or C++ program that reads a line of text and extracts a single valid IPv4 address — optionally followed by a port number — embedded anywhere in that text. Only digits, periods (.), and colons (:) are ever part of a valid token; every other character is garbage and is skipped. A candidate token must match the address grammar in full — no partial matches, no truncating to find a valid piece inside a longer run.
An address is four octets separated by periods (octet.octet.octet.octet), each octet 1–3 digits, value 0–255, no leading zero unless the value is exactly 0. An optional :port may follow the fourth octet: 1–5 digits, value 0–65535, same leading-zero rule. If a colon is present, the port must be fully valid or the entire match — address included — is rejected.
Function prototype
The function returns whether a valid address was found, and delivers the address and port through two additional parameters.
C:
// Returns 1 if a valid address was found, 0 otherwise.
// On success: *outAddress holds the 32-bit value, and
// *outPort holds the port number, or -1 if no port was present.
// On failure: *outAddress is set to 0 and *outPort is set to -1.
int extractIPv4(const char* str, unsigned long* outAddress, int* outPort);
Built-in functions/libraries you may not use

Any string-to-number conversion function: atoi, atol, atoll, strtol, strtoul, strtod, stoi, stol, stoul, sscanf, scanf with numeric conversions.
Any address-parsing library function: inet_aton, inet_pton, inet_addr, or equivalents.
Any regular-expression facility (std::regex, POSIX regex.h, or similar) — the parsing and validation logic must be your own character-by-character code, not a pattern matched by a library.
Standard character-classification functions (isdigit, etc.) are fine to use.
Other requirements

Exactly one valid address may be extracted per input line; everything else in the line is either garbage (skipped) or part of a candidate token that fails validation.
Reject anything that does not exactly match the grammar above — wrong octet count, empty octet, out-of-range octet or port, a disallowed leading zero, a second colon, a colon not immediately after the fourth octet, or a stray period/colon directly adjacent to an otherwise-valid address.
On success, print: Extracted IPv4 address: A.B.C.D (decimal value: N, port: P) where N is the 32-bit decimal value and P is the port number or the literal text none.
Program requirements

Input loop: main continuously prompts the user for input until the user enters END (case-sensitive), then prints Program terminated. and exits.
Extraction function: implement extractIPv4 exactly as prototyped above. All digit accumulation must be done by hand.
Display: main receives the result from extractIPv4 and formats the output exactly as specified above.
Let's do this in C

100% of the code was generated in Claude Opus 5.5

I built a test file with some strings and other test cases to test my code after compiling it.
I didn't see any problems with the output, so I have made 0 changes to AI generated code.

Verification Statement:
I understand every line of the submitted code. The code has been tested and works as intended.
From the testing, I haven't really seen any bugs or unexpected behaviors.
